so we have to defend it two stations
from kpop and white boy and you know I
think you already know this is gonna go
so we gon hear me and BRK trying to find
him here zone see which was the farthest
from us likely a good strategic
advantage form over 70 meters away just
a minute ago there so we've got to run
all the way over to them I'm dropping a
few proximity mines in the hopes that
somebody behind me will run into them
hopefully a you know either kpop or
white boys like right behind us or
something like that and going to eat it
but unfortunately nobody does yet at
least so we're running into his own see
here my through yet another one in case
they're trying to drop behind me and
there you go it was worth it now I don't
know what the seven-day duty shift is
but I got that so I don't know what that
even is um through a great behind me
throw more grenades just blow myself up
of grenades no problem i'm a big old man
i can take it through out some more just
waiting for him here
it's like we can't figure out what the
hell their ads like some of these hiding
spots man argus genius but it still goes
with why I said before you know that
it's like you don't really look up that
often and it's highly likely they were
above us again eighty-seven percent I
got hit by a flashbang which means they
are in the area there somewhere near not
sure where but obviously I guess it hit
directly with a flashbang and they
managed to kill me and they got the
point those flash bangs are pretty
strong so they're probably going to go
for point a because it's the furthest
away from us but it could go to point B
to all right way definitely limpa point
B as kpop gets gunned down kind of half
the point with the question is the white
boys trying to get point a right now or
a few is writing your kpop and point B
terminals are in go but eyes open for
spooks and that would be where kpop was
that I mean I would be where white boy
was at avenging kpop sorry and
fortunately though at this point we've
figured out a good strategy is to put
down at least one proximity mine on the
hacking point and so if somebody goes
the Hackett they almost guaranteed run
right into and die and while there are
ways to get rid of the mind you can
shoot them you get thrown something else
I can amp Renee to get rid of them etc
they are generally not something you
really think about when you're rushing
in to try and hack the point as fast as
possible and so people eat it on them
pretty continually so we're in point a
right now trying to find out where they
could possibly be I just literally blew
myself up with my own grenade because
that's totally a gameplay tactic that's
completely intentional you know well
yourself while you're on your name then
that just I don't know why I just
thought of a fail whale but that's why
there you go one of my friends I
remember you used to have a meme with
the fail whale thing got him right there
like I said I find it pretty funny how
I'm actually killing white boy in this
game and it's like in any other modern
FPS can I just get wasted it's like this
is the only game why I've got even a
hope of doing that
and by the way because people always
bring this up it's like they ask me you
know like I thought you didn't like
modern FPS game I thought you didn't
like modern shooters and stuff like that
and I'm like no I you know I love tribes
ascend I've loved tf2 I love a lot of a
lot of modern FPS games it's just that
there are some FPS games both old and
new that I don't like people often
interpret that into thinking I don't
like any modern FPS games and so um 200s
means they win and by the way sorry for
the kind of loopy commentary on this
it's been a very long day and this video
is going up like almost immediately
after I shoot it so time constraints
going to make that hard so just wanted
to show you all a splinter cell
blacklist again awesome gaming I think
you should definitely pick it up and
that was me and brks edu playing against
white boy seventh Street and kpop